In this lesson, you'll cover the following topics.
The hacking lifecycle, which is the process
both hackers and cybersecurity professionals follow.
Vulnerability management goes into how to identify and fix software security bugs.
Lastly, a deep dive into threats, attacks, and exploits,
which explains how those vulnerabilities can be used to hurt organizations.
By the end of this lesson,
you will be able to categorize assets,
risks, threats, vulnerabilities, and exploits,
identify different types of vulnerabilities in a system,
identify the categories of a cyber threat,
determine the phase of a cyber attack,
and recognize common exploits.
These are the abilities shown by hackers.